MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Tyler Bessire

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER: This software is for educational and research purposes only. 
Cryptocurrency trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable 
for all investors. The volatility and unpredictability of the price of 
cryptocurrency relative to fiat currency may result in significant loss. 
You should carefully consider whether trading cryptocurrencies is suitable 
for you in light of your circumstances and financial resources.

The authors and contributors of this software are not financial advisors and 
make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or 
suitability of this software for trading purposes. Use this software at your 
own risk.
